## Hypercomic experiment 1

Stained-Glass is a design experiment originally inspired by a pixellated stained glass window made by [Gerhard Richter](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lz4rky6FKd1qggdq1.jpg).

I am currently considering extending the basic design into an idea for a [hypercomic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypercomics).

#### What

Three column grid-design. Each box of the grid is composed of hundreds of smaller divs that intermittently change colour in a random pattern. When any of the coloured boxes are clicked on, that colour is removed from the overall palette. When all the colours are removed, the user can click again and it refreshes to its initial state.

#### How

Currently this is done dynamically. The entirety of the grid is generated by javascript and then coloured (through assigning the individual divs a random colour class) from a pre-defined array of colours. A timer is set so that every 100ms it fills again randomly from the same array. When one of the boxes is clicked on, an event fires that removes that colour from the potential palette. When the colour array is empty it refreshes to its original condition.

#### To do:

1. The createColumns function was written in a rush and needs refactoring.
2. I'd like to make it so that each of the sub-grids changes independently of the others (i.e. has its own event handler). This will likely involve refactoring my approach to how I wrote this.
3. I'd consider adding something akin to a rose window at the top of the design, but would need to develop my CSS skills first before I could achieve this. If this becomes a hyper-comic this is likely unnecessary, unless the narrative has any formal relation to stained-glass windows.
4. You could make it longer so that you have to scroll to the bottom to see the entirety of the window (again, if a window effect is what we're going for).
5. Plan out and write a script for a potential hyper-comic:
I am reconceiving this as an experimental web-comic idea. They're like flickering screens, works perfectly with some of the earlier themes of Eyes Without A Face. Could even add the I am sitting in a room soundtrack. Depending on the order of colour transitions we could end with different panels, then its like you're reading in a multi-panel way, and continually flickering through for more as you piece it together. Ask a friend to contribute art. Think Bird and salvage it for ideas. I like the idea of this monstrous changing, never seeing the character except through mediations and distortions, their reality glitching-out, and slowly becoming reintegrated within a techno-reality. A lot of ideas in that script to work with.
6. Rename the project and the title in the html. In time rename the files.
7. Needs to be more responsive with smaller sizes.
8. Need to think the proportions through more, colour choices, colour proportions. Perhaps add even more boxes to make it more pixellated.
9. Are there any colours that have a particular formal relation to how pixellated colours are created. Think: your prior essay on colour in film.
